This is what I got, well of course in a beauuutiful interactive learning platform:
can give a link, but doubt it'll work: https://www.codecademy.com/practice/projects/roller-coaster

1. 
	Roller coasters are thrilling amusement park rides designed to make you squeal and scream! They take you up high, drop you to the ground quickly, and sometimes even spin you upside down before returning to a stop. Today you will be taking control back from the roller coasters and visualizing data covering international roller coaster rankings and roller coaster statistics.
	Roller coasters are often split into two main categories based on their construction material: wood or steel. Rankings for the best wood and steel roller coasters from the 2013 to 2018 Golden Ticket Awards are provided in 'Golden_Ticket_Award_Winners_Wood.csv' and 'Golden_Ticket_Award_Winners_Steel.csv', respectively. Load each csv into a DataFrame and inspect it to gain familiarity with the data.

2.
	Write a function that will plot the ranking of a given roller coaster over time as a line. Your function should take a roller coaster’s name and a ranking DataFrame as arguments. Make sure to include informative labels that describe your visualization.
	Call your function with "El Toro" as the roller coaster name and the wood ranking DataFrame. What issue do you notice? Update your function with an additional argument to alleviate the problem, and retest your function.

3.
	Write a function that will plot the ranking of two given roller coasters over time as lines. Your function should take both roller coastes’ names and a ranking DataFrame as arguments. Make sure to include informative labels that describe your visualization.
	Call your function with "El Toro" as one roller coaster name, “Boulder Dash“ as the other roller coaster name, and the wood ranking DataFrame. What issue do you notice? Update your function with two additional arguments to alleviate the problem, and retest your function.
	
4.
	Write a function that will plot the ranking of the top n ranked roller coasters over time as lines. Your function should take a number n and a ranking DataFrame as arguments. Make sure to include informative labels that describe your visualization.
	For example, if n == 5, your function should plot a line for each roller coaster that has a rank of 5 or lower.
	Call your function with a value for n and either the wood ranking or steel ranking DataFrame.
	
5.
	Now that you’ve visualized rankings over time, let’s dive into the actual statistics of roller coasters themselves. Captain Coaster is a popular site for recording roller coaster information. Data on all roller coasters documented on Captain Coaster has been accessed through its API and stored in roller_coasters.csv. Load the data from the csv into a DataFrame and inspect it to gain familiarity with the data.

6.
	Write a function that plots a histogram of any numeric column of the roller coaster DataFrame. Your function should take a DataFrame and a column name for which a histogram should be constructed as arguments. Make sure to include informative labels that describe your visualization.
	Call your function with the roller coaster DataFrame and one of the column names.

7.
	Write a function that creates a bar chart showing the number of inversions for each roller coaster at an amusement park. Your function should take the roller coaster DataFrame and an amusement park name as arguments. Make sure to include informative labels that describe your visualization.
	Call your function with the roller coaster DataFrame and an amusement park name.
	
8.
	Write a function that creates a pie chart that compares the number of operating roller coasters ('status.operating') to the number of closed roller coasters ('status.closed.definitely'). Your function should take the roller coaster DataFrame as an argument. Make sure to include informative labels that describe your visualization.
	Call your function with the roller coaster DataFrame.
	
9.
	.scatter() is another useful function in matplotlib that you might not have seen before. .scatter() produces a scatter plot, which is similar to .plot() in that it plots points on a figure. .scatter(), however, does not connect the points with a line. This allows you to analyze the relationship between to variables. Find .scatter()‘s documentation here.
	Write a function that creates a scatter plot of two numeric columns of the roller coaster DataFrame. Your function should take the roller coaster DataFrame and two-column names as arguments. Make sure to include informative labels that describe your visualization.
	Call your function with the roller coaster DataFrame and two-column names.
	
10.
	Part of the fun of data analysis and visualization is digging into the data you have and answering questions that come to your mind.
	Some questions you might want to answer with the datasets provided include:
	What roller coaster seating type is most popular? And do different seating types result in higher/faster/longer roller coasters?
Do roller coaster manufacturers have any specialties (do they focus on speed, height, seating type, or inversions)?
Do amusement parks have any specialties?

---

Please go to the next file, where my script is!
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
